docs: add Features and Setup to README (#5)
alyf-de/working_time: README.md

Timetracking and Attendance in ERPNext, integrated with Jira

## Features

- Allows logging of misc time, project time and breaks

> - Allows to select a percentage in order to slightly adjust the billable time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allows logging of miscellanous time, project time and breaks
- Allows to set a percentage of working time as billable time in a Working Time Log
```
